fix(namespace) : Remove fixed namespace from the YAML files and add an explanation in the README over how to setup the CusterRole and the operator to work in another namespace (#106)
aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator: README.adoc

== Configuration and Options

=== Operator Namespace

> By using the make command `make create-all` the default namespace, e.g `mobile-security-service`, will be created and the operator will be installed on it. You are able to install the operator in another namespace as you wish,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the make command `make create-all` the default namespace, e.g `mobile-security-service`, will be created and the operator will be installed in it. You are able to install the operator in another namespace as you wish,
```

> however, you need setup its roles (RCBA) to by applied on the namespace where the operator will be installed. The namespace name need to be changed in the link:./deploy/cluster_role_binding.yaml[Cluster Role Binding] file in the following line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however, you need setup its roles (RCAC) to by applied on the namespace where the operator will be installed. The namespace name need to be changed in the link:./deploy/cluster_role_binding.yaml[Cluster Role Binding] file in the following line.
```

> [source,yaml]

Author: it need to be a shell. Are commands.

----
  # Replace this with the namespace where the operator will be deployed.
  namespace: mobile-security-service
----

=== Namespace to apply MobileSecurityServiceApp

> This operator will just working with the namespaces which are specified in the environment variable `APP_NAMESPACES` and the link:./deploy/crds/examples/mobile-security-service_v1alpha1_mobilesecurityserviceapp_cr.yaml[MobileSecurityServiceApp CR] which be applied in a NAMESPACE which was not defined on it will be ignored. See its configuration into the link:./deploy/operator.yaml[operator.yaml] file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only namespaces specified in the environment variable `APP_NAMESPACES` can be used to apply Apps. If the link:./deploy/crds/examples/mobile-security-service_v1alpha1_mobilesecurityserviceapp_cr.yaml[MobileSecurityServiceApp CR] is applied to a namespace that is not specified in `APP_NAMESPACES` it will be ignored. Refer to configuration in the link:./deploy/operator.yaml[operator.yaml] file.
```

> IMPORTANT:The values should be informed split by `;`.

Reviewer: An example might be useful here

> IMPORTANT:The values should be informed split by `;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The values should be split by `;`.
```

> NOTE: To run the project locally export the ENV VAR. E.g `export APP_NAMESPACES=mobile-security-service-apps`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To run the project locally export the ENV VAR. E.g. `export APP_NAMESPACES=mobile-security-service-apps`
```

* All values used in the default configuration are sourced from the config-map which is managed and created by the Operator. This config map will be created in the Operator namespace and its name is defined by the attribute `configMapName` in the link:./deploy/crds/mobile-security-service_v1alpha1_mobilesecurityservice_cr.yaml[MobileSecurityService CR].
* If the name of this ConfigMap is not specified then the name of the Mobile Security Service instance will be used instead.

=== Monitor Service (Metrics) for the Integr8ly project

The application-monitoring stack provisioned by the
https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[application-monitoring-operator] on https://github.com/integr8ly[Integr8ly]
can be used to gather metrics from this operator. These metrics can be used ONLY by Integr8ly's application monitoring to generate Prometheus metrics, AlertManager alerts and a Grafana dashboard

Run the following commands if this project was installed with the make commands in the default namespace to enable this service.

[source,shell]
----

> make install-service-monitor

Author: @austincunningham this command will install all in the default namespace.

----

Also, you are allowed to setup it manually as follows.

[source,shell]
----
# Go to the operator namespace
oc project mobile-security-service

# Installation of ServiceMonitor
kubectl label namespace mobile-security-service monitoring-key=middleware

> kubectl create -f deploy/monitor/service_monitor.yaml

Reviewer 2: recommend adding the namespace flag to each of these commands

Reviewer 2: to avoid them getting applied to the wrong namespace by user error

Author: done

* All values used in the default configuration are sourced from the config-map which is managed and created by the Operator. This config map will be created in the Operator namespace and its name is defined by the attribute `configMapName` in the link:./deploy/crds/mobile-security-service_v1alpha1_mobilesecurityservice_cr.yaml[MobileSecurityService CR].
* If the name of this ConfigMap is not specified then the name of the Mobile Security Service instance will be used instead.

=== Monitoring Service (Metrics)

The application-monitoring stack provisioned by the
https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[application-monitoring-operator] on https://github.com/integr8ly[Integr8ly]
can be used to gather metrics from this operator. These metrics can be used by Integr8ly's application monitoring to generate Prometheus metrics, AlertManager alerts and a Grafana dashboard.

> Mainly it just requires https://github.com/integr8ly/grafana-operator[integr8ly/Graphana] and the https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator[Prometheus] operators to be installed. For a better understand see https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mainly it just requires https://github.com/integr8ly/grafana-operator[integr8ly/Grafana] and the https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator[Prometheus] operators to be installed. For a better understand see https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator]

```

> Following the command to enable this when the operator was installed with the default make commands and in the default namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands will enable the monitoring service where the operator has been installed in the default namespace with the make commands.
```

[source,shell]
----
make install-monitoring
----

Also, you are allowed to setup it manually as follows.

[source,shell]
----
# Go to the operator namespace

$ oc project mobile-security-service
----

[source,shell]
----
# Installation of ServiceMonitor

$ kubectl label namespace mobile-security-service monitoring-key=middleware
$ kubectl create -f deploy/monitor/service_monitor.yaml
$ kubectl create -f deploy/monitor/operator_service.yaml
----

[source,shell]
----
# Add AlertManager rules to prometheus

$ kubectl create -f deploy/monitor/prometheus-rule.yaml
----

[source,shell]
----
# Add Grafana dashboard

$ kubectl create -f deploy/monitor/grafana-dashboard.yaml
----

> IMPORTANT: The link:./deploy/monitor/service_monitor.yaml[ServiceMonitor], link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus-rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules], link:./deploy/monitor/operator-service.yaml[Operator Service], and link:./deploy/monitor/grafana-dashboard[Grafana Dashboard] needs to be applied in the same namespace where the operator is installed and the namespace is setup manually in this files as follows example from the link:./deploy/prometheus-rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The link:./deploy/monitor/service_monitor.yaml[ServiceMonitor], link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus-rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules], link:./deploy/monitor/operator-service.yaml[Operator Service], and link:./deploy/monitor/grafana-dashboard[Grafana Dashboard] need to be applied in the same namespace where the operator is installed and the namespace is setup manually in this files as follows example from the link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus-rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules].
```

Can you clarify what you mean by ` and the namespace is setup manually in this files as follows example from the link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus-rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules]` - the meaning is unclear to me from the text

Author: 👍 Changed. .

[source,yaml]
----
  expr: |
          (1-absent(kube_pod_status_ready{condition="true", namespace="mobile-security-service"})) or sum(kube_pod_status_ready{condition="true", namespace="mobile-security-service"}) != 3

[source,shell]
----

> NOTE: You can use the command `make uninstall-monitoring` to uninstall this Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:  `make uninstall-monitoring` will uninstall the Service.
```

| `make push-latest`               | Used by CI to push image built by `make build-latest` to https://quay.io/repository/aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator[quay.io registry].
| `make run-local`                 | Run the operator locally for development purposes.
| `make debug-setup`               | Setup environment for debug proposes.
| `make install-service-monitor`   | Install Service Monitor which just work with https://github.com/integr8ly in order to provide metrics

> | `make uninstall-service-monitor` | Uninstall Service Monitor which just work with https://github.com/integr8ly in order to provide metrics

Author: @austincunningham see here the commands.
